In the last lecture we have been talking about the data that we are going to use.
We have been talking about the most relevant statistical measures Dan..
We have created features as far as income age and loan are concerned we created that target features
and we have splitted the data set into our training data set and that test data set.
We are going to train the model on the training data set and we will test the model on the task that
data set.
So we just have to instantiate the largest decreed Rashan class as we have seen in the previous lecture.
We just have to fit the model and what's very important that we have defeated the model on the training
data set as you can see.
We are going to use logistic regression and under the hood maximum likelihood estimator is going to
estimate the optimal B-D 10 meters below one for income B-D to you for age and Beatty's for loan.
And then we are able to test whether the model is working fine or not on the past dataset.
So that's why there's going to be the predictions model that fit that predict we are able to predicate
this is what we have been discussing about what's going to be the output class whether a 0 or 1 0 if
the client has defaulted and not able to pay back the loan or warn if the client is able to pay back
the loan.
OK.
So we will predict outcomes 0 or 1 on the test dataset and we store it in the predictions and then we
can use the confusion matrix on the target set and the predictions in order to compare the actual values
in the dataset so worn 0 0 0 0 and the predictions made by the model.
So these predictions Storz the predictions made by the model.
OK so this is what we are going to compare.
And then we are able to calculate the accuracy of the algorithm.
Let's talk a bit more about confusion matrix this confusion matrix has as many rows as the possible
number of outcomes we have a 0 and the one defaulted and not defaulted.
And of course as many columns as the number of outputs 0 and 1 so 0 for the fourth and you want when
the client is able to pay back the loan it is the predictions made by the model.
And as far as the rows are concerned these are the actual values stored in the data set.
So we have these data set with the actual values 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 and so on.
Okay so this confusion matrix describes the performance of a classification model the diagonal items
are the correct classifications.
So where the modal predicate is 0 and the actual value was 0 or when the model predicted one and the
actual value was 1 in the original credit data that cxxviii data file.
Ok so the diagonal items are the correct classifications.
And of course the diagonal items are the incorrect predictions.
So when the model predicted one by the actual value 0 0 or when the predicate is 0 and the actual outcome
was warm.
So the diagonal items are the correct predictions of diagonal items are the incorrect predictions.
So if we run the algorithm as you can see this is the confusion matrix.
Five hundred and ten times logistic regression predicted zero and the actual value was 0 in the data
set 12 times a logistic regression predicted on bought the correct output was 0.
So diagonal items are the good classifications and the over diagonal items are the incorrect classifications
and DIS-EASE the accuracy as you can see we have printed out the accuracy score which is very very close
to our what does it mean that the precision and accuracy of the model is 93 percent.
It is working quite fine.
If you run the algorithm several times by the way as you can see the accuracy is going to be different
90 percent but it is approximately 90 percent 91 percent which is quite good for a machine learning
algorithm.
We will come to the conclusion that we have of deep natural networks.
We are able to outperform machine learning approaches such as logistic regression or supporting actor
machines.
But it is a good start.
90 percent accuracy is quite good.
So I don't want to repeat myself over and over again.
But what's the aim of the model.
That after we have trained the largest the creation model on the huge data set so the credit data that
yes the file maximum likelihood method has managed to find a beat is zero between ability and ABDC paramita.
As for the model which means that we are able to make new predictions.
So if we have a new dataset with income age and Loan logistic regression model is able to predict whether
the client is going to default or not.
And what the accuracy of this model 90 percent accuracy which means that it is working quite fine.
This logistic regression model is a good model to understand the relationship within the data between
these features in order to produce better the outcome will be 0 or 1.
So whether the client will default or will be able to pay back the loan.
So this is logistically direction it is working quite fine.
Thanks for watching.